---
title: Random Quotes
date: 2022-05-21 3:18:03 +1200
tags: [lifestyle, lessons]
published: false
---

- Your critical feedback will almost always backfire. 
	Also, if you can't be specific, simply avoid it. 
- There's no right way to provide critical feedback.
	But a definite wrong way is to not be specific.
- Feels good to be the best.
	Feels better to be better at what you're not best at. 
- Put yourself in a position where you need absolutely no help at all. 
	Then ask for help. 
- The amusing thing about The Godfather is that
    He probably takes less than he gives away.
- Be more stern about what you want for your work.
- They can take over from your one moment of weakness. 
- You are more likely to say "can't believe I said that" than
    "I wish I said that"
- If you can do it in 5 minutes, do it now.
- If you don't fuck up your relationship, it'll be alright
- If someone starts saying, "like I said", stop talking.
- If someone starts speaking in their area of expertise, stop talking.
- If an accountant is bragging about saving the company money, 
    they're thinking too much of themselves. 
- Only those who work in your field, care about how you do it.
    The rest want to see results.
- Look fresh and ready in front of team. You can afford to...
    assuming you find solace and reenergize in isolation (you're an introvert).
- Questions that catch you off guard, are kind of a blessing in disguise...
    because you know what the expectations are. 
    Where special attention need to be given is when there is no question.
    Most of the time, the correct in such cases is no response.
    Sometimes the correct approach is to identify the underlying concern. 
    And then respond.
- For unequivocal issues, share results
    For equivocal issues, share methods
- Humility is easy when you are better than everyone else in the room. 
- Geniuses make it seem easy!
    Because they work on finding out the least effort they can put 
    to achieve the most. Then they put as much effort as possible.
- Avoid: "the reason I asked that"
    Just don't ask questions that you have to clarify reasons for.
    Just be prepared to give reason when asked. 
- Avoid: using "but". It often diminutizes what precedes.
- Life is a series of reconciliations between your success and your ego.
- How you do anything is how you do everything
